Email Analyzer
Email Analyzer is a Python-based application that provides insights into email datasets. It helps users process, analyze, and visualize email data to identify trends, statistics, and other useful insights.

Features
Email Categorization: Classify emails into categories like spam, promotions, social, etc.
Keyword Analysis: Identify frequently used words or phrases in emails.
Sender Statistics: Analyze the top senders and their activity.
Time-Based Trends: Visualize email patterns over time (hourly, daily, or monthly).
Attachment Analysis: Extract and analyze attachment types and frequency.
Spam Detection: Highlight potential spam emails using basic heuristics or machine learning models.
Installation
Clone the repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/email-analyzer.git
cd email-analyzer
Install the required dependencies:

bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Usage
Place your email dataset in the data/ folder (e.g., a CSV or JSON file containing email metadata).
Example Format:

Sender	Subject	Body	Date	Attachments	Category
example@test.com	Meeting Agenda	Discussion items	2024-12-02	file.pdf	Work
Run the analyzer:

bash
Copy code
python email_analyzer.py --input data/emails.csv
View the results in the output/ folder or the console.

Example
Input
Sample email data:

Sender	Subject	Date	Category
spam@test.com	Win $1000 now!	2024-12-01	Spam
hr@test.com	Interview Details	2024-11-30	Work
Output
Top senders:



Time Analysis:

Planned Features
Advanced machine learning model integration for spam detection.
Sentiment analysis for email body text.
Cross-platform GUI for non-technical users.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome!

Fork the repository.
Create a new branch for your feature/bugfix:
bash
Copy code
git checkout -b feature-name
Commit and push your changes:
bash
Copy code
git commit -m "Add your message here"
git push origin feature-name
Submit a pull request.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
